[music] The speed and volume of code
getting written today has increased many
vote with the use of AI. To keep up with
code reviews, especially from a security
perspective, we benefit from tapping
into the power of AI.
[music]
Gemini CLI has an open-source Google
build extension for running security
analysis. The security extension offers
a range of vulnerability scanning
capabilities including secrets
management,
insecure data handling,
injection vulnerabilities,
authentication,
and LLM safety.
Most recently, it has also added
dependency scanning using the
Googlebased OSV or open-source
vulnerabilities database.
Many Google owned repos have already
started using the security extension to
reveal pull requests. Let's look at some
quick examples.
This one from Gemini CLI is about
arbitrary fire rate.
This one also from Gemini CLI is about
bypassing the environment redaction
logic from project chip. This one is for
a path traversal vulnerability
from flutter. This one calls out using
timestamps as hash codes. [music]
Now we will look at how to use the
security extension locally and how to
use it to review PRs on GitHub through
GitHub actions.
[music]
To use it locally, we first install the
extension.
After it's installed,
we open Gemini in a project.
Use the /ash command security to bring
up the custom commands in the extension
and choose a custom command to run. You
can customize the command with natural
language.
Scan all my HTML files.
I turn on yolo mode with control Y
because the extension does read only
operations.
It creates a to-do list first
to define the audit scope.
Then it analyzes the files in scope,
checking off tasks as it goes.
Finally, it produces a summary of its
findings.
Running this kind of local analysis is a
good practice for an individual code
contributor, especially before
committing code publicly.
But if you manage a team or a GitHub
repository with multiple contributors,
integrating the security extension as
party CI/CD will make sure everyone's
contributions pass the same bar, even if
some of us forget to run it locally
first.
To set up, copy the example workflow
from the official security extension
repo into your repo.
Then create these actions variables by
running a shell script that configures
authentication from GitHub to Google
Cloud using workload identity
federation.
When the workflow is ready, a new PR
will trigger the workflow and call on
the security extension to conduct a
security review.
For existing PRs, you can type at Gemini
CLI/re
to start a You
[music]
with the security extension today we
have the ability to identify and fix
security flaws. was immediately shifting
security down. Because the security
extension is designed with an extensible
architecture, we have confidence in his
future expansion when more advanced
security analysis techniques are
available as tools.
[music]
We just introduced you to the security
extension [music]
and showed you how to use it locally and
on GitHub. We are excited to have you
try it in your [music] codebase and
experiment with more creative ways to
include it in your CI/CD workflow.
Check out this code lab with free Google
Cloud credits [music] to take the Gemini
CLI security extension for a spin and
let us know how it goes. [music]